c:\users\sharzademar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\raebot\raebot\bin\Release\raebot.exe.config
c:\users\sharzademar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\raebot\raebot\bin\Release\raebot.exe
c:\users\sharzademar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\raebot\raebot\bin\Release\raebot.pdb
c:\users\sharzademar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\raebot\raebot\bin\Release\Discord.Net.Commands.dll
c:\users\sharzademar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\raebot\raebot\bin\Release\Discord.Net.dll
c:\users\sharzademar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\raebot\raebot\bin\Release\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
c:\users\sharzademar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\raebot\raebot\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\sharzademar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\raebot\raebot\bin\Release\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.dll
c:\users\sharzademar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\raebot\raebot\bin\Release\Nito.AsyncEx.dll
c:\users\sharzademar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\raebot\raebot\bin\Release\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.dll
c:\users\sharzademar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\raebot\raebot\bin\Release\RestSharp.dll
c:\users\sharzademar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\raebot\raebot\bin\Release\WebSocket4Net.dll
c:\users\sharzademar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\raebot\raebot\bin\Release\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
c:\users\sharzademar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\raebot\raebot\bin\Release\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
c:\users\sharzademar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\raebot\raebot\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\sharzademar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\raebot\raebot\bin\Release\Nito.AsyncEx.xml
c:\users\sharzademar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\raebot\raebot\bin\Release\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.xml
c:\users\sharzademar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\raebot\raebot\bin\Release\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.xml
c:\users\sharzademar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\raebot\raebot\bin\Release\RestSharp.xml
c:\users\sharzademar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\raebot\raebot\obj\Release\raebot.exe
c:\users\sharzademar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\raebot\raebot\obj\Release\raebot.pdb
C:\Users\Sharzademar\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\raebot\raebot\obj\Release\raebot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Sharzademar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\raebot\raebot\bin\Release\style.css
C:\Users\Sharzademar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\raebot\raebot\bin\Release\tokens.tokens
C:\Users\Sharzademar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\raebot\raebot\bin\Release\HelperSharp.dll
C:\Users\Sharzademar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\raebot\raebot\bin\Release\NReco.ImageGenerator.dll
C:\Users\Sharzademar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\raebot\raebot\bin\Release\HelperSharp.pdb
C:\Users\Sharzademar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\raebot\raebot\bin\Release\HelperSharp.xml
C:\Users\Sharzademar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\raebot\raebot\bin\Release\NReco.ImageGenerator.xml
