c:\users\sharzademar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\raebot\raebot\bin\Debug\raebot.exe.config
c:\users\sharzademar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\raebot\raebot\bin\Debug\raebot.exe
c:\users\sharzademar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\raebot\raebot\bin\Debug\raebot.pdb
c:\users\sharzademar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\raebot\raebot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Commands.dll
c:\users\sharzademar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\raebot\raebot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.dll
c:\users\sharzademar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\raebot\raebot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.dll
c:\users\sharzademar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\raebot\raebot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.dll
c:\users\sharzademar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\raebot\raebot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.dll
c:\users\sharzademar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\raebot\raebot\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
c:\users\sharzademar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\raebot\raebot\bin\Debug\WebSocket4Net.dll
c:\users\sharzademar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\raebot\raebot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.xml
c:\users\sharzademar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\raebot\raebot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.xml
c:\users\sharzademar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\raebot\raebot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.xml
c:\users\sharzademar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\raebot\raebot\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
c:\users\sharzademar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\raebot\raebot\obj\Debug\raebot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\sharzademar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\raebot\raebot\obj\Debug\raebot.exe
c:\users\sharzademar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\raebot\raebot\obj\Debug\raebot.pdb
c:\users\sharzademar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\raebot\raebot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\sharzademar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\raebot\raebot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\sharzademar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\raebot\raebot\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
c:\users\sharzademar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\raebot\raebot\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
c:\users\sharzademar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\raebot\raebot\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
C:\Users\Sharzademar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\raebot\raebot\bin\Debug\tokens.tokens
C:\Users\Sharzademar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\raebot\raebot\bin\Debug\HelperSharp.dll
C:\Users\Sharzademar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\raebot\raebot\bin\Debug\NReco.ImageGenerator.dll
C:\Users\Sharzademar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\raebot\raebot\bin\Debug\HelperSharp.pdb
C:\Users\Sharzademar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\raebot\raebot\bin\Debug\HelperSharp.xml
C:\Users\Sharzademar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\raebot\raebot\bin\Debug\NReco.ImageGenerator.xml
C:\Users\Sharzademar\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\raebot\raebot\bin\Debug\style.css
